{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\
## League Rules and the Allocation of Talent\
\
1. Simon Rottenberg( 1956). The Baseball Players Labor Market, Journal of Political Economy, 64, pp.242-58\
\
1. Gerald W. Scully( 1974).Pay and Performance in Major League Baseball, American Economic Review, 64, pp. 242-58\
\
1. Vrooman, J(1996).The baseball players labor market reconsidered. Southern Economic Journal. 339-360\
\
1. Fort and Quirk, Cross-subsidization, Incentives, and Outcomes in Professional Team Sports Leagues, J of Economic Literature, 1995\
\
1. Lawrence M. Kahn(1993). Free Agency, Long-term Contracts and Compensation in Major League Baseball: Estimates from Panel Data, "The Review of Economics and Statistics, 75: 157-164\
\
\
\
A. General themes  Chapter 2, Downward and Dawson  \
B. The club as a firm  Chapter 3, Downward and Dawson  \
C. Competitive balance: theory Chapter 4, Downward and Dawson, pp. 49-53 Szymanski, S. (2003), \'84The Economic Design of Sporting Contests
\f1 \uc0\u8223 
\f0 , Journal of Economic Literature, XLI, 1137-87.\
 D: Competitive balance: evidence  Chapter 4, Downward and Dawson, pp. 53-56 Schmidt, M. and D. Berri (2001), \'84Competitive Balance and Attendance: the Case of Major League Baseball
\f1 \uc0\u8223 
\f0 , Journal of Sports Economics, 2, 2, 145-67.\
 Forest, D. and R. Simmons (2002), \'84Outcome Uncertainty and Attendance Demand in Sport: the Case of English Soccer
\f1 \uc0\u8223 
\f0 , Journal of the Royal Statistical Society, Series D (The Statistician), 51, 2, 229-41.\
 E. Competitive balance, the Coase theorem and the paradox of power Downward and Dawson, Chapter 4, pp. 58-60  Hirschleifer, J. (1991), \'84The Paradox of Power
\f1 \uc0\u8223 
\f0 , Economics and Politics, 3, pp.177-200.\
 Szymanski, S. (2007), \'84The Champions League and the Coase Theorem
\f1 \uc0\u8223 
\f0 , Scottish Journal of Political Economy, 53, 355-73.\
 F. Incentive effects of promotion and relegation  Szymanski, S. and T. Valletti (2005), \'84Promotion and Relegation in Sporting Contests
\f1 \uc0\u8223 
\f0 , Rivista di Politca Economica, 95, 3-39.\
 Noll, R. (2002), \'84The Economics of Promotion and Relegation in Sports: the Case of English Football
\f1 \uc0\u8223 
\f0 , Journal of Sports Economics, 3, 2, 169-203.\
\
---\
\
[https://www.econgraphs.org/graphs/micro/demand/individual_and_market_demand?embed=true&textbook=default]}