{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 STSongti-SC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue24;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth57723\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth57343\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth57343\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs32 1	Baade, Robert A., and Victor A. Matheson. \'a1\'b0Going for the Gold: The Economics of the Olympics.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Journal of Economic Perspectives\u160 30, no. 2 (2016): 201-18.\
2	Baade, Robert A., \'a1\'b0The Market Structure of Professional Sports and the Implications for Stadium Construction and Team Movements,\'a1\'b1 in\uc0\u160 The Oxford Handbook of Sports Economics, Volume 2,\u160 Leo Keohane and Steven Shmanske, eds. (London: Oxford University Press, 2012).\
3	Baade, Robert A. and Allen R. Sanderson, \'a1\'b0An Analysis of the Political Economy for Bidding for the Summer Olympic Games,\'a1\'b1 in\uc0\u160 International Handbook on the Economics of Sporting Mega Events, Andrew Zimbalist and Wolfgang Maennig, eds. (Cheltenham, UK: Edward Elgar, 2012), 85-107.\
4	Baade, Robert A. and Victor A. Matheson,\uc0\u160  \'a1\'b0An Evaluation of National Football League Mega-Events,\'a1\'b1 in\u160 The Economics of the NFL: The State of the Art,\u160 Kevin Quinn, ed. (New York: Springer, 2012), 243-58.\
5	Baade, Robert A. and Victor A. Matheson, \'a1\'b0Financing Professional Sports Facilities,\'a1\'b1 in\uc0\u160 Financing Economic Development in the 21st Century,\u160 2nd ed., Zenia Kotval and Sammis White, eds. (New York: M.E. Sharpe, 2012), 323-42.\
6	Baade, Robert A., \'a1\'b0Getting Into the Game: Is the Gamble on Sport as a Stimulus for Economic Development a Good Bet?\'a1\'b1 in\uc0\u160 Urban and Regional Policy and Its Effects,\u160 (Washington, DC: Brookings Institution, 2010), 152-204.\
7	Baade, Robert A., Victor A. Matheson, and Robert Bauman, \'a1\'b0Big Men on Campus: Estimating the Economic Impact of College Sports on Local Economies,\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Regional Studies\u160 45, no. 3 (2010): 371-80.\
8	Baade, Robert A., Victor A. Matheson,\uc0\u160  and Robert Bauman, \'a1\'b0Slippery slope?\u160  Assessing the Economic Impact of the 2002 Winter Olympic Games in Salt Lake City, Utah,\'a1\'b1\u160 Region et D\'a8\'a6veloppment,\u160 n\u8304  31 (2010): 81-91.\
9	Baade, Robert A., Victor A. Matheson, and Robert Bauman, \'a1\'b0Rejecting \'a1\'aeConventional\'a1\'af Wisdom: Estimating the Economic Impact of National Political Conventions,\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Eastern Economic Journal\u160 35, no. 4 (2009): 520-30.\
10	Baade, Robert A. and Victor A. Matheson, \'a1\'b0Research Note:\uc0\u160  Assessing Household Service Losses with Joint Survival Probabilities,\'a1\'b1\u160 Journal of Forensic Economics\u160 20, no. 2 (2008): 185-90.\
11	Baade, Robert A., Victor A. Matheson, and Robert Bauman, \'a1\'b0The Economic Impact of College Football Games on Local Economies,\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Journal of Sports Economics\u160 9, no. 6 (2008): 628-43.\
12	Baade, Robert A. and Victor A. Matheson. \'a1\'b0Striking Out: Estimating the Economic Impact of Baseball\'a1\'afs World Series.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 International Journal of Sports Management and Marketing\u160 3, no. 4 (2008): 319-34.\
13	Baade, Robert A., Robert Baumann, and Victor A. Matheson. \'a1\'b0Selling the Game:\uc0\u160  Estimating the Economic Impact of Professional Sports through Taxable Sales.\'a1\'b1\u160 Southern Economic Journal\u160 74, no. 3 (2008): 794-810.\
14	Baade, Robert A. and Victor A. Matheson. \'a1\'b0Can New Orleans Play Its Way Past Katrina? The Role of Professional Sports in the Redevelopment of New Orleans.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 International Journal of Sports Management and Marketing\u160 2, nos. 5-6 (2007): 541-54.\
15	Baade, Robert A. and Victor A. Matheson. \'a1\'b0Professional Sports, Hurricane Katrina, and the Economic Redevelopment of New Orleans.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 \u160 Contemporary Economic Policy\u160 25, no. 4 (2007): 591-603.\
16	Baade, Robert A. and Matheson, Victor, \'a1\'b0NFL Goverenance and Fate of the New Orleans Saints:\uc0\u160  Some Observations,\'a1\'b1 in Placido Rodriguez Guerrero, Stefan Kesenne, and Jaume Garcia, eds., (Gijon, Spain:\u160  Universidad de Oviedo, 2007), 141-68.\
17	Baade, Robert A., Robert Baumann, and Victor A. Matheson. \'a1\'b0Estimating the Economic Impact of Natural and Social Disasters with an Application to Hurricane Katrina.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Urban Studies\u160 44, no. 11 (2007): 2061-76.\
18	Baade, Robert A., Victor A. Matheson, and Mariya Nikolova. \'a1\'b0A Tale of Two Stadiums: Comparing the Economic Impact of Chicago\'a1\'afs Wrigley Field and US Cellular Field.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Geographische Rundschau International Edition\u160 3, no. 1 (2007): 53-58.\
19	Baade, Robert A. and Victor A. Matheson. \'a1\'b0Padding Required: Assessing the Economic Impact of the Super Bowl.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 European Sports Management Quarterly\u160 6, no. 4 (2006): 353-74.\
20	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0The Economic Impact of Mega Sports Events.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Elgar Companion to the Economics of Sports. Eds. Wladimir Andreff and\u160  Stefan Szymanski. (London: Edward Elgar Publishing, 2007), 177-82.\
21	Baade, Robert A. and Victor A. Matheson. \'a1\'b0Have Public Finance Principles Been Shut Out in Financing New Stadiums for the NFL?\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 \u160 Public Finance and Management\u160 6, no. 3 (2006): 284-320.\
22	Baade, Robert A. and Victor A. Matheson. \'a1\'b0Mega-sporting Events in Developing Nations: Playing Their Way to Prosperity?\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 The South African Journal of Economics\u160 72, no. 5 (2004): 1084-95.\
23	Baade, Robert A.\uc0\u160 Assessing the Economic Impact of the Staples Center on the City of Los Angeles:\u160  Report of the Controller, June 5, 2004: 1-58.\
24	Baade, Robert A. and Victor A. Matheson. \'a1\'b0Race and Riots:\uc0\u160  Examining the Economic Impact of the Rodney King Riots\'a1\'b1\u160 Urban Studies\u160 41, no. 13 (2004): 2685-91.\
25	Baade, Robert A. and Victor A. Matheson. \'a1\'b0\'a1\'aeDeath Effect\'a1\'af on Collectible Prices.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Applied Economics\u160 31, no. 11 (2004): 1151-55.\
26	Baade, Robert A. and Victor A. Matheson, \'a1\'b0The Quest for the Cup:\uc0\u160  Assessing the Economic Impact of the World Cup.\'a1\'b1\u160 Journal of Regional Studies\u160 38, no. 4 (2004): 343-54.\
27	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0Evaluating Subsidies for Professional Sports in the United States and Europe:\uc0\u160  A Public-Sector Primer.\'a1\'b1\u160 Oxford Review of Economic Policy\u160 19, no. 4 (2003): 585-97.\
28	Baade, Robert A. and Victor A. Matheson. \'a1\'b0An Economic Slam Dunk or March Madness? Assessing the Economic Impact of the NCAA Basketball Tournament.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 The Economics of Collegiate Sports.\u160  Eds. John Fizel and Rodney Fort.\u160  (New York: Praeger, 2003), 111-34.\
29	Baade, Robert A. and Victor A. Matheson. \'a1\'b0Bidding for the Olympics: Fool\'a1\'afs Gold?\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Transatlantic Sport.\u160  Eds. Carlos Barros, Murad Ibrahim, and Stefan Szymanski. London: Edward Elgar Publishing, 2002. 127-51.\
30	Baade, Robert A. and Victor A. Matheson. \'a1\'b0Home Run or Wild Pitch? The Economic Impact of Major League Baseball\'a1\'afs All-Star Game.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Journal of Sports Economics\u160 2.4 (2001): 307-26.\
31	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0Some Observations on the Evolution of Subsidies for Professional Sports,\'a1\'b1 in\uc0\u160 Sports et Villes, Sylvan Lefebre, ed., (Qu\'a8\'a6bec:\u160  Presses de l\'a1\'afUniversit\'a8\'a6 du Qu\'a8\'a6bec, 2003, 87-107\
32	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0Quantitative Techniques for Estimating the Impact of Large Public Projects.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Measuring Economic Impact.\u160 Ed. Sylvain Lefebvre.\u160  Montreal: University of Quebec Press, 2002. Forthcoming.\u160 \
33	Baade, Robert A. and Victor A. Matheson. \'a1\'b0An Assessment of the Economic Impact of the American Football Championship, the Super Bowl, on Host Communities.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Reflets & Perspectives de la Vie \u201 conomique.\u160 Eds. Jean-Jacques Gouguet et Didier Primault. 39.2-3 (2000): 35-46.\
34	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0Home Field Advantage? Does the Metropolis or Neighborhood Derive Benefit from a Professional Sports Stadium?\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 The Economics and Politics of Sports Facilities.\u160 Ed. Wilbur Rich. (London: Quorum Books, 2000), 71-93.\
35	Baade, Robert A. and Victor A. Matheson. \'a1\'b0High Octane? Grading the Economic Impact of the Daytona 500.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Marquette Sports Law Journal\u160 Symposium.\u160 Ed. Paul Anderson. 10, no. 2 (2000): 401-15.\
36	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0Metropolitan Versus Neighborhood Economic Impact Induced by Professional Sports Teams and Stadiums: What\'a1\'afs the Score?\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 The Economics of Sports.\u160  Ed. William S. Kern. Kalamazoo: W. E. Upjohn Institute for Employment Research, 2000. 21-49.\
37	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0An Analysis of Why and How the United States\'a1\'af Judiciary Has Interpreted the Question of Professional Sports and Economic Development.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 The Economic Impact of Sports Events.\u160 \u160 Ed. Claude Jeanrenaud. (Neuch\u226 tel, Switzerland: Centre International d\'a1\'af\u201 tude du Sport, 1999), 41-62.\
38	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0Professional Sports and Economic Impact: The View of the Judiciary.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 State Tax Notes\u160 13, no. 23 (1997): 1495-1505.\
39	Baade, Robert A. and Allen R. Sanderson. \'a1\'b0Bearing Down in Chicago: Location, Location, Location.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Sports, Jobs and Taxes.\u160  Eds. Roger Noll and Andrew Zimbalist. (Washington, DC: Brookings Institution, 1997), 324-54.\
40	Baade, Robert A. and Allen R. Sanderson. \'a1\'b0The Employment Effect of Teams and Sports Facilities.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Sports, Jobs and Taxes.\u160  Eds. Roger Noll and Andrew Zimbalist. (Washington, DC: Brookings Institution, 1997), 92-118.\
41	Baade, Robert A. and Allen R. Sanderson. \'a1\'b0Minor League Teams and Communities.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Sports, Jobs and Taxes.\u160  Eds. Roger Noll and Andrew Zimbalist. (Washington, DC: Brookings Institution, 1997), 452-93.\
42	Baade, Robert A. and Allen R. Sanderson. \'a1\'b0Cities Under Siege: How the Changing Financial Structure of Professional Sports is Putting Cities at Risk and What to do About It.\'a1\'b1 Development in Sports, Volume II.\uc0\u160  Eds. Wallace Hendricks. (New York: JAI Press, 1997). 77-114.\
43	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0An Analysis of Trends in the Market for Professional Sports Teams and Stadiums: Separating Myth from Reality,\'a1\'b1 Antitrust Issues in Relocation of Professional Sports Franchises: Hearing Before the Senate Subcommittee on Antitrust, Business Rights, and Competition of the Committee of the Judiciary, United States Senate, November 1996.\
44	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0What Explains the Stadium Construction Boom,\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Journal of Real Estate\u160 December 1996: 5-11.\
45	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0Separating Myth from Reality: Trends in the Market for Professional Sports Teams and Stadiums.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Tennessee\'a1\'afs Business\u160 7, nos.1-2 (1996): 17-24.\
46	Baade, Robert A. and Jeffrey O. Sundberg. \'a1\'b0What Determines Alumni Generosity?\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Economics of Education Review\u160 15, no. 1 (1996): 75-81.\
47	Baade, Robert A. and Jeffrey O. Sundberg. \'a1\'b0Fourth Down and Gold to Go? Assessing the Link Between Athletics and Alumni Giving.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Social Science Quarterly\u160 77, no. 4 (1996): 789-803.\
48	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0Professional Sports As Catalysts for Metropolitan Economic Development.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Journal of Urban Affairs\u160 18, no. 1 (1996): 1-17.\
49	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0Stadium Subsidies Make Little Economic Sense for Cities, A Rejoinder.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Journal of Urban Affairs\u160 18, no. 1 (1996): 33-8.\
50	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0Stadiums, Professional Sports, and City Economics: An Analysis of the United States Experience.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 The Stadium and the City.\u160 Eds. John Bale and Olaf Moen.\u160  (Keele, England: Keele University Press, 1995).\
51	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0Stadiums, Professional Sports, and Economic Development: Assessing the Reality.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Heartland Policy Study\u160 62 (28 Mar. 1994): 1-39.\
52	Baade, Robert A. and Carolyn Tuttle. \'a1\'b0Owner Collusion or Sound Fiscal Management: An Analysis of Recent Events in Baseball\'a1\'afs Labor Market.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Seton Hall Journal of Sport and Law\u160 1, no. 1 (1991): 41-60.\
53	Baade, Robert A. and Laura J. Tiehen. \'a1\'b0An Analysis of Major League Baseball Attendance, 1969-1987.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Journal of Sport and Social Issues\u160 14, no. 1 (1990): 14-31.\
54	Baade, Robert A. and Richard Dye. \'a1\'b0An Analysis of the Impact Stadiums and Professional Sports Have on Metropolitan Area Development.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Growth and Change\u160 Spring 1990: 1-14.\
55	Baade, Robert A. and Nader Nazmi. \'a1\'b0Currency Substitution and Money Demand in the United States, West Germany, and Japan.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Kredit und Kapital\u160 22, no. 3 (1989): 363-74.\
56	Baade, Robert A. and Richard Dye. \'a1\'b0An Analysis of the Economic Rationale for Public Subsidization of Sports Stadiums.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 The Annals of Regional Science\u160 22, no. 2 (1988): 37-47.\u160 \
57	Baade, Robert A. and Richard Dye. \'a1\'b0Sports Stadiums and Area Development: A Critical View.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Economic Development Quarterly\u160 2, no. 3 (1988): 265-75.\
58	Baade, Robert A. and Diane Carol Bast. \'a1\'b0Socialized Stadiums.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 The Freeman | Ideas on Liberty\u160 Sept. 1987: 327-9.\
59	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0Is There An Economic Rationale For Subsidizing Sports Stadiums?\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Heartland Policy Study\u160 23 Feb. 1987: 1-27.\
60	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0Does the Eurocurrency Market Promote A More Even Distribution of World Financial Resources?\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 MidSouth Journal of Economics\u160 2 Dec. 1985.\
61	Baade, Robert A. and Jonathan Galloway. \'a1\'b0Monetary Integration in a Twelve Member European Community: The Implications for Greece, Portugal, and Spain.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 The Contemporary Mediterranean World.\u160 \u160 Eds. Carl Pinkele and Adamantia Pollis Pinkele.\u160  (New York: Praeger, 1983), 221-36.\
62	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0A Monetarist (Asset) Approach to Exchange Rate Determination: The Evidence Since 1973.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Kredit und Kapital\u160 \u160 3 (1981): 341-9.\
63	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0The Protectionist Sentiment in the Seventies: Its Implications for Factor Real Incomes in the U.S..\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Empirical Economics\u160 6 (1981): 145-161.\
64	Baade, Robert A., \'a1\'b0Exchange Rate Systems and Inflation,\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Acta Monetaria\u160 4 (1980): 13-24.\
65	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0Are U.S. Direct Foreign Investments the Product of an Offensive-Minded Investment Strategy?\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Management International Review\u160 (Universitat Hohenheim) 19, no. 4 (1979): 21-30.\
66	Baade, Robert A. and Jonathan Galloway. \'a1\'b0Economic Sanctions Against the Union of South Africa.\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Alternatives - A Journal of World Policy\u160 4 (1978-79): 487-505.\
67	Baade, Robert A. \'a1\'b0Prices and Payments Systems: Comparing the Inflation-Generating-and-Transmitting Capabilities of the Bretton Woods and Managed Floating International Payments Systems,\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Proceedings of the Illinois Economic Association\u160 Oct. 1977: 89-102.\
68	Baade, Robert A. and J. David Richardson. (1973), \'a1\'b0Commercial Policy and Functional Income Distribution in the United States\'a1\'b1\uc0\u160 Working Paper\u160 12.\u160  The Impact of Selected Programs on the Distribution of Income, University of Wisconsin at Madison. 1973:1-81.
\f0\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::0>\cell \lastrow\row}