{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 SourceSansPro-Semibold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 SourceSansPro-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Italic;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-BoldItalic;
\f6\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f7\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f8\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f9\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;\f10\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green31\blue40;\red40\green46\blue48;
\red126\green46\blue54;\red38\green38\blue38;\red24\green72\blue18;\red26\green26\blue26;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c7843\c16471\c20784;\cssrgb\c20784\c23529\c24706;
\cssrgb\c57255\c25098\c27451;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c10980\c34510\c9020\c74902;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl499\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 <$Scr_H::2>
\f1\b\fs38\fsmilli19200 Table of Contents\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 <!$Scr_H::2>
\f2\fs30 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Preface\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Part I: The Basics of Sports Economics\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Chapter One: It\'92s Just Supply and Demand\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1.0 The Wonder of Sports Economics!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1.1 Perception and Reality Don't Always Match in Sports!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1.2 The Marshallian Method\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1.3 Marshall and the Demand Curve\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1.4 Just a Matter of Time\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1.5 The Marshallian Cross\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1.6 What Determines Ticket Prices?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1.7 "The Decision" Teaches Us How Market Impediments Have Unintended Consequences\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1.8 What is the "Right" Price?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1.9 The Many Stories "The Decision" Teaches\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1.10 Deductive vs. Inductive Reasoning\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Chapter Two: Market Size and Wins: Two Approaches to the Same Question\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2.0 Why People Hate the Yankees\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2.1 From the Law of Demand to Team Revenue\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2.2 Debating Team Costs\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2.3 Why Do the Yankees Dominate?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2.4 Market Size and Wins: The Data from Major League Baseball\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2.5 Modeling Market Size and Wins in Professional Sports\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2.6 Modeling Payroll in Wins in Professional Sports\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2.7 A Basic Model of Wins in Professional Sports\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2.8 A Simple Guide to Evaluating Empirical Models\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Appendix: Very Basic Regression Analysis\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Part II: The Organization of Professional Sports\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Chapter Three: For the Money or the Glory?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 3.0 Rational Choice in Economics\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 3.1 Revenue and Profits in Major Professional Team Sports\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 3.2 Monopoly Comes to American Sports\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 3.3 Europeans Embrace Competition\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 3.4 Elasticity of Demand\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 3.5 Price Elasticity and Sports\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Appendix 3A: The Utility Maximization Model\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Appendix 3B: The Math of Elasticity\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Chapter Four: The Competitive Balance Defense\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 4.0 History of Owners Pleading Poverty\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 4.1 The Competitive Balance Argument\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 4.2 The Reserve Clause\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 4.3 The Reverse Order Draft\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 4.4 Simon Rottenberg Defends the Free Market\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 4.5 Salary Caps, Luxury Taxes, Revenue Sharing, Oh My!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 4.6 The Noll-Scully Measure of Competitive Balance\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 4.7 A Simple Snapshot of League Institutions\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 4.8 Two Competitive Balance Stories\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 4.9 Balancing Evolution\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 4.10 Do Leagues Want Competitive Balance?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Appendix: Standard Deviation Made Simple\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Part III: The Market for Labor in Professional Sports\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Chapter Five: Labor Negotiations in Sports\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 5.0 "Babe Ruth is Overpaid"\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 5.1 Differing Views on the Overpayment of Professional Athletes\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 5.2 Unrestricted and Restricted Labor Markets\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 5.3 The Economics of Labor Conflict\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 5.4 A History of Making Fans Angry\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 5.5 Why Can\'92t Fans Hold a Grudge?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Chapter Six: The Economic Value of Playing Talent\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 6.0 Everyone is Above Average\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 6.1 Measuring the Productivity of the Hitter in Baseball\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 6.2 Measuring the Productivity of the Pitcher in Baseball\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 6.3 The "ERA Problem" in Hockey\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 6.4 Measuring Worker Productivity in a Complex Invasion Sport: The Basketball Case Study\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 6.5 The Scully Approach to Measuring Marginal Revenue Product\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 6.6 The Promise and Reality of MRP Measurements\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 6.7 A Simple Approach\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 6.8 The Free Market Approach\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 6.9 Back to Marx and Clark\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Chapter Seven: Discrimination in Sports\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 7.0 A Brief History of Race in Sports\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 7.1 The Economic Theory of Discrimination\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 7.2 The Empirical Evidence of Wages Discrimination in the NBA\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 7.3 Learning from Implicit Bias\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 7.4 National Origin Bias\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 7.5 He Really Looks Good Out There!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 7.6 Challenges in the Study of Discrimination\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Appendix: Learning from Control Variables\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Chapter Eight: Women and Sports\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 8.0 Non-Market Interventions in Women Sports Organizations\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 8.1 The Lesson Learned \'96 and Not Learned \'96 from Demand Data\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 8.2 The Gender Wage Gap in the WNBA\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 8.3 The Highest Paid Women in Professional Team Sports in North America\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 8.4 Are Men Really Better Leaders?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 8.5 To Understand Gender and Sports, You Need to Look Beyond Markets\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Appendix: Models of Gender and Sports\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Part IV: Sports and Government\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Chapter Nine: Economics of College Sports\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 9.0 The Highest Paid Public Employee\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 9.1 Some History of the NCAA\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 9.2 Competitive Balance and the NCAA\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 9.3 Even More Competitive Imbalance in Women's College Sports\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 9.4 Worker Productivity and Exploitation in the NCAA\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 9.5 Coaching College Sports\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 9.7 Title IX Enforcement: Myth and Measurement\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 9.8 Profitability in College Sports\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Chapter Ten: Subsidizing Sports\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 10.0 If You Build It, Does Anyone Benefit?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 10.1 Economists Agree?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 10.2 The Value of Sports \'96 Industry Approach vs. Economic Theory\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 10.3 The Value of Sports \'96 the Empirical Evidence\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 10.4 Government Ignoring Economists \'96 at the Local and Federal\'a0Level\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 10.5 The Economic Cost of International Parties\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 10.6 Sports Make Us Happy\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Part V: The Efficiency of Sports Markets\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Chapter Eleven: Moneyball Off and On the Field\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 11.0 The Moneyball\'a0Story\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 11.1 The First Sports Economics Article Proposes a Rationality\'a0Test\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 11.2 Testing the Moneyball Hypothesis in Baseball and Soccer\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 11.3 Testing the Moneyball Hypothesis in Basketball\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 11.4 Moneyball in the\'a0Draft\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 11.5 Moneyball on the\'a0Field\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 11.6 Adam Smith vs. NBA Coaches\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 11.7 Systematically Evaluating Coaches\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 11.8 So do Teams need a Coach?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 11.9 Moneyball? Well, it depends....\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Appendix: Moneyball Models\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Appendix A: Introduction to Performance Measures\cb1 \
\cb3 Glossary\cb1 \
\cb3 Index\cb1 \
\cb3 References\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf4 \cb2 \strokec4 Baade, Robert A., and Victor A. Matheson. 2016. \'93Going for the Gold: The Economics of the Olympics.\'94\'a0
\f4\i Journal of Economic Perspectives
\f3\i0 \'a030 (2): 201\'9618.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.aeaweb.org/articles?id=10.1257/jep.30.2.201"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 https://www.aeaweb.org/articles?id=10.1257/jep.30.2.201}}\'a0\
Sanderson, Allen R., and John J. Siegfried. 2015. \'93The Case for Paying College Athletes.\'94\'a0
\f4\i Journal of Economic Perspectives
\f3\i0 \'a029 (1): 115\'9638.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.aeaweb.org/articles?id=10.1257/jep.29.1.115"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 https://www.aeaweb.org/articles?id=10.1257/jep.29.1.115}}\'a0\
Kahn, Lawrence M. 2007. \'93Markets: Cartel Behavior and Amateurism in College Sports.\'94\'a0
\f4\i Journal of Economic Perspectives
\f3\i0 \'a021 (1): 209\'9626.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.aeaweb.org/articles?id=10.1257/jep.21.1.209"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 https://www.aeaweb.org/articles?id=10.1257/jep.21.1.209}}\'a0\
Hakes, Jahn K., and Raymond D. Sauer. 2006. \'93An Economic Evaluation of the\'a0
\f4\i Moneyball
\f3\i0 \'a0Hypothesis.\'94\'a0
\f4\i Journal of Economic Perspectives
\f3\i0 \'a020 (3): 173\'9686.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.aeaweb.org/articles?id=10.1257/jep.20.3.173"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 https://www.aeaweb.org/articles?id=10.1257/jep.20.3.173}}\'a0\
Courty, Pascal. 2003. \'93Some Economics of Ticket Resale.\'94\'a0
\f4\i Journal of Economic Perspectives
\f3\i0 \'a017 (2): 85\'9697.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.aeaweb.org/articles?id=10.1257/089533003765888449"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 https://www.aeaweb.org/articles?id=10.1257/089533003765888449}}\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f5\i\b \cf4 Symposium:\'a0
\f4\b0 Sports Economics (Summer 2000)\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.aeaweb.org/issues/130"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i0 \cf5 \strokec5 https://www.aeaweb.org/issues/130}}
\f3\i0 \'a0\
Kahn, Lawrence M. 2000. \'93The Sports Business as a Labor Market Laboratory.\'94\'a0
\f4\i Journal of Economic Perspectives
\f3\i0 \'a014 (3): 75\'9694.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.aeaweb.org/articles?id=10.1257/jep.14.3.75"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 https://www.aeaweb.org/articles?id=10.1257/jep.14.3.75}}\'a0\
Siegfried, John J., and Andrew Zimbalist. 2000. \'93The Economics of Sports Facilities and Their Communities.\'94\'a0
\f4\i Journal of Economic Perspectives
\f3\i0 \'a014 (3): 95\'96114.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.aeaweb.org/articles?id=10.1257/jep.14.3.95"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 https://www.aeaweb.org/articles?id=10.1257/jep.14.3.95}}\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6\b\fs67\fsmilli33600 \cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 The applied economics of sport: introduction and overview\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf7 \strokec7 <$Scr_H::2>
\f7\b\fs40 Special Issue Information\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf8 \strokec8 <!$Scr_H::2>
\f8 Dear Colleagues,\
In recent years, behavioral economics research has extended to applications at the intersection of sport and public health. Notably, seminal studies in this literature examine the unintended consequences of safety regulation in Nascar and Formula 1 racing (O\'92Roark and Wood 2004; Sobel and Nesbit 2007; Potter 2011), psychologically motivated crowd effects upon game performance that reveal relationships between social-environmental factors and performance (Bryson, Dolton, Reade, Schreyer, and Singleton 2021; Smith and Groetzinger 2010; Boudreaux, Sanders, and Walia 2017), survivorship effects that suggest idiosyncratic relationships between game/practice exposure and early mortality risk (e.g., from neurodegenerative disease) among former NFL players (Ehrlich, Kmush, Walia, and Sanders 2019), and public sport/exercise participation effects of major, visible sporting events (Ramchandani, Coleman, and Christy 2019; Veal, Toohey, and Frawley 2019).\
This Special Issue seeks to extend the extant literature in the growing field of behavioral sports economics along these and new lines. In doing so, the Issue hopes to motivate steps toward a fuller, more societally impactful understanding as to the relationships between sport and public health. Successful articles for the Issue will follow a methodology that falls broadly within the behavioral economics paradigm. This paradigm holds that we do not live in a neat world in which agents always optimize such that we are free of unintended consequences and unexpected results. In fact, our world is more complex and interesting, including as it relates to the interaction between sport and public health. Successful articles will also treat a topic at the intersection of sport and public health using an empirical approach. Papers that extend an existing topic in the field in a meaningful way will be considered, as well as papers that break a new topic in the field.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f7\b \cf8 References:
\f8\b0 \
Boudreaux, C. J., Sanders, S. D., & Walia, B. (2017). A natural experiment to determine the crowd effect upon home court advantage.\'a0
\f9\i Journal of Sports Economics
\f8\i0 ,\'a0
\f9\i 18
\f8\i0 (7), 737-749.\
Bryson, A., Dolton, P., Reade, J. J., Schreyer, D., & Singleton, C. (2021). Causal effects of an absent crowd on performances and refereeing decisions during\'a0Covid-19.\'a0
\f9\i Economics Letters
\f8\i0 ,\'a0
\f9\i 198
\f8\i0 , 109664.\
Ehrlich, J., Kmush, B., Walia, B., & Sanders, S. (2019). Mortality risk factors among National Football League players: An analysis using player career data.\'a0
\f9\i F1000Research
\f8\i0 ,\'a0
\f9\i 8
\f8\i0 .\
O'Roark, J. B., & Wood, W. C. (2004). Safety at the racetrack: Results of restrictor plates in superspeedway competition.\'a0
\f9\i Southern Economic Journal
\f8\i0 , 118-129.\
Potter, J. M. (2011). Estimating the offsetting effects of driver behavior in response to safety regulation: The case of formula one racing.\'a0
\f9\i Journal of Quantitative Analysis in Sports
\f8\i0 ,\'a0
\f9\i 7
\f8\i0 (3).\
Ramchandani, G., Coleman, R., & Christy, E. (2019). The sport participation legacy of major events in the UK.\'a0
\f9\i Health promotion international
\f8\i0 ,\'a0
\f9\i 34
\f8\i0 (1), 82-94.\
Smith, E. E., & Groetzinger, J. D. (2010). Do fans matter? The effect of attendance on the outcomes of major league baseball games.\'a0
\f9\i Journal of Quantitative Analysis in Sports
\f8\i0 ,\'a0
\f9\i 6
\f8\i0 (1).\
Sobel, R. S., & Nesbit, T. M. (2007). Automobile safety regulation and the incentive to drive recklessly: Evidence from NASCAR.\'a0
\f9\i Southern Economic Journal
\f8\i0 , 71-84.\
Veal, A. J., Toohey, K., & Frawley, S. (2012). The sport participation legacy of the Sydney 2000 Olympic Games and other international sporting events hosted in Australia.\'a0
\f9\i Journal of policy research in tourism, leisure and events
\f8\i0 ,\'a0
\f9\i 4
\f8\i0 (2), 155-184.\
Prof. Dr. Shane D. Sanders\uc0\u8232 Dr. Bhavneet Walia\u8232 Dr. Christopher J. Boudreaux\u8232 
\f9\i Guest Editors
\f8\i0 \
\

\f7\b Manuscript Submission Information
\f8\b0 \
\
Manuscripts should be submitted online at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mdpi.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f7\b \cf7 \strokec7 www.mdpi.com}}\'a0by\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mdpi.com/user/register/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f7\b \cf7 \strokec7 registering}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mdpi.com/user/login/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f7\b \cf7 \strokec7 logging in to this website}}. Once you are registered,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://susy.mdpi.com/user/manuscripts/upload/?journal=ijerph"}}{\fldrslt 
\f7\b \cf7 \strokec7 click here to go to the submission form}}. Manuscripts can be submitted until the deadline. All papers will be peer-reviewed. Accepted papers will be published continuously in the journal (as soon as accepted) and will be listed together on the special issue website. Research articles, review articles as well as short communications are invited. For planned papers, a title and short abstract (about 100 words) can be sent to the Editorial Office for announcement on this website.\
Submitted manuscripts should not have been published previously, nor be under consideration for publication elsewhere (except conference proceedings papers). All manuscripts are thoroughly refereed through a single-blind peer-review process. A guide for authors and other relevant information for submission of manuscripts is available on the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mdpi.com/journal/ijerph/instructions"}}{\fldrslt 
\f7\b \cf7 \strokec7 Instructions for Authors}}\'a0page.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mdpi.com/journal/ijerph/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f10\i\b \cf7 \strokec7 International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health}}\'a0is an international peer-reviewed open access semimonthly journal published by MDPI.\
Please visit the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mdpi.com/journal/ijerph/instructions"}}{\fldrslt 
\f7\b \cf7 \strokec7 Instructions for Authors}}\'a0page before submitting a manuscript. The\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mdpi.com/about/apc/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f7\b \cf7 \strokec7 Article Processing Charge (APC)}}\'a0for publication in this\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mdpi.com/about/openaccess/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f7\b \cf7 \strokec7 open access}}\'a0journal is 2300 CHF (Swiss Francs). Submitted papers should be well formatted and use good English. Authors may use MDPI's\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mdpi.com/authors/english"}}{\fldrslt 
\f7\b \cf7 \strokec7 English editing service}}\'a0prior to publication or during author revisions.\
}